add configurable pagination to nfd-master (#2000)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/reference/master-commandline-reference.md

nfd-master -deny-label-ns=*.vendor.com,vendor-2.io
```

### -informer-list-size

The `-informer-list-size` flag is used to control pagination during informer cache sync on nfd-master startup.

> This is useful to control load on api-server/etcd as listing `nodefeatures` can be expensive, especially in large clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful to control load on api-server/etcd as listing NodeFeature objects can be expensive, especially in large clusters.
```
